---
title: 2019 O Level Success Stories
permalink: /swiss-achievements/Swiss-Success-Stories/2019-o-level-success-stories/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Swiss Success Stories
---
# 2019 O-Level Success Stories

**ONG SHU TING GLENDA \[5N2\]**

**Glenda achieved an L1B4 of 9 points with three distinctions.** A hardworking and focused individual, she had always striven to excel in her academia.

She was described as a student who took pride in her work. Determined to follow her heart, Glenda made a rare decision to offer the Food & Nutrition subject only when she was in Sec 5.  Always positive, cheerful, and not deterred by challenges or setbacks, her grit paid off and she scored an A1 for the subject.

Besides being driven academically, Glenda was very proactive and willing to help her teachers and peers. With her remarkable ability to manage a plethora of responsibilities, she was appointed Chairperson of the Chinese Orchestra from 2017 to 2018. She was always receptive to suggestions of her teachers and fellow members, making her a good team worker. As a senior member of the orchestra, Glenda was not only able to perfect her skills in the playing of her instrument, she was also able to mentor her juniors well. She had high demands of herself and would test her limits to improve herself continuously. She would persevere if she were unable to master certain parts of a song she was required to play.

Not only was she a responsible and reliable leader, Glenda also did community service on her own accord at Ren Ci Hospital despite her busy schedule. She had a heart for the needy in the community. Highly receptive to feedback and always seeking ways to improve both academically and in her CCA. For an all-rounded performance and food character, In 2019, she received the Rudy Mosbergen award. Her desire to undertake every task to the best of her ability, to serve others, and to expand the boundaries of her potential are key traits that will continue to bring her to greater heights in the future.

**LO EN-CI, HAZEL \[5N1\]**

**Hazel scored a L1B4 of 10 points and three distinctions.**

Consistent in her work, she would spend her free time making notes and revising what she learnt to ensure that she had a firm grasp of her learning. When in doubt, she would consult her teachers. Self-directed, it was not Hazel’s habit to simply complete assignments.

Besides being a role model in the pursuit of excellence, Hazel did not neglect her peers. When they had difficulties with their work, she would try to coach them. Hazel also interacted with her peers and teachers with respect and was a good role model for her classmates. She was appointed the Character and Citizenship Education (CCE) Representative for her class in 2017 and 2018, and rallied the class into action.

She was also a student who contributed actively to school, and who enjoyed a holistic and vibrant school life. She also held the rank of Second Sergeant and was appointed Section Leader of the Clarinet section, and contributed to the band’s outstanding performance at various public and national events. These included clinching a Certificate of Distinction at the Singapore Youth Festival Arts Presentation in 2017 and performing in the Swiss Arts Expression 2018, a school combined performing arts concert. Hazel’s caring nature and affable personality allowed her to work well with others. She always respected others’ opinions even when they differed from her own.

**PANG ANG SHENG ASHER \[4E1\]**

**Asher scored an L1R5 of 8 points and an L1B4 of 5 points with seven distinctions.**

Asher is a creative and zealous student whose wit and jovial personality draws people to him. He is highly motivated and strives for excellence in his academic and non-academic areas. Driven by his passion for learning, he actively seeks new experiences and opportunities to develop himself. Being proactive, he would ask thoughtful and reflective questions, which strengthens his critical and creative thinking skills. His determination allows him to persevere through pressure and challenges.

Asher was also an active participant of Science Talent Development Programme although he only joined them in Secondary 3. Under the TDP, he actively participated in the numerous activities and was instrumental for the induction of new members in the same year. He participated in the International Biomedical Quiz in 2018 and the International C.B. Paul Science Quiz in 2019. He was also involved in the Japanese Exchange Programme with Sakura High School in 2019.

Asher’s charisma and confidence in leading allowed him to be appointed the Values in Action (VIA) leader among his Non-Commissioned Officer (NCO) council in 2018. He worked diligently with his peers to guide the Company towards excellence. He also represented BB in various competitions, including the Character Quest in 2016 and 2018, as well as the BB Blaze in 2019. An exemplary thoughtful leader, Asher obtained the rank of Warrant Officer, the highest attainable rank by a Boy, in 2019. He was also awarded the Senior Proficiency Award; the National Youth Achievement Award (Silver); and was awarded the Founder’s Award an award of great prestige. Under the leadership of his NCO team, the company clinched their 11th J.M. Fraser Gold Award for Excellence in 2019. For his contributions in the CCA, he was awarded the Ministry of Education Edusave Award for Achievement, Good Leadership and Service (EAGLES) for Service.

He is also a caring and helpful student who is considerate towards those he leads. In spite of his busy schedule, as a helpful individual, Asher readily took on the role of a Peer Tutor, offering assistance students who were academically weaker.

**ANG JIE HUI \[4E1\]**

**Jie Hui scored an L1R5 of 10 points with an impressive eight distinctions.**

Jie Hui is a kind and friendly student who often extended a helping hand to those in need. She had a keen interest in the different Science disciplines and consulted her teachers often to learn more about the concepts taught. Apart from Science, Jie Hui also demonstrated her talent and creativity in Art and obtained the third team placing at the Bishan Park Visual Art Competition.

As a member of the school’s Talent Development group, she was selected to participate in the 2018 World Scholar’s Club regional round in Singapore and advanced to the global round in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. A debutant to debates, she did considerably well, which helped her team to earn a Silver Award for the team debate, and as well as getting herself a Silver Award in the individual debate challenge. Jie Hui’s love for competitive debate propelled her to join the United Nations Association of Singapore Model United Nations (UNASMUN) Preparatory Conference in 2018 to broaden her horizons and interact with other like-minded individuals.

She was appointed President of Swiss Naturalist Club from 2018 to 2019. She exercised her position effectively to lead her team to champion environmental changes and improvement. She tapped on her creativity to produce artwork, such as sculptures, together with her teammates, to convey their interpretation of environmental concerns. Together with her peers, Jie Hui also participated in the Izumo High School sharing sessions held in 2018 and 2019. Despite the language barrier, her friendly disposition made the Japanese students feel at ease and welcome. During the session, she displayed some recycled crafts and led the students in a few hands-on activities. It was also under her leadership that the Swiss Naturalists clinched the Gold Award in the Green Schools Award organised in collaboration with the National Environment Agency (NEA) and the Southwest Community Development Council (SW-CDC). Together with her Vice-Presidents, Jie Hui was able to plan and execute the various components successfully. For her contributions, she was awarded the Ministry of Education Edusave Award for Achievement, Good Leadership and Service (EAGLES) for Leadership.

**CHUA YI DA \[4E1\]**

**Yi Da scored an L1R5 of 7 points with a whopping eight distinctions.**

His teachers describe him as a lively and vocal student whose humour and cheerful nature brightened the class. His drive for academic excellence was evident through his active participation in numerous academic competitions. He was awarded the Honourable Mention Award in 2016 when he participated in the Singapore Mathematical Olympiad. He attained Credit in 2016 and 2017, and Distinction in 2018 in the University of New South Wales International Competitions and Assessments for Schools (ICAS). In 2017, he was also awarded the Mathematics Book Prize for being first in Mathematics in his cohort. In 2019, he participated in the International Mathematical Modelling Challenge (Singapore) organised by Math Modelling (Singapore), in collaboration with Raffles Girls School and National Junior College. For his excellent academic performance and good conduct, he was awarded the Edusave Scholarship in 2018.

Yi Da also displayed immense interest in Science. He participated in the Singapore Junior Biology and Physics Olympiad in 2019. He was a member of the school’s Science Talent Development Programme. He represented the school on numerous occasions. Yi Da was also a role model to his peers and juniors. As the President of the Science and Technology Club, he made strong effort to develop the skills and knowledge of his members and help them to reach their potential. He worked alongside his executive committee members to plan the training sessions and provide guidance for the members. His strong planning and organisational skills were also evident in his planning and execution of various Science and Technology events. For his contributions in the CCA, he was awarded the Ministry of Education Edusave Award for Achievement, Good Leadership and Service (EAGLES) for Leadership.

On top of the contributions to her CCA, he was also a member of the Student Council EXCO where he was the head of the Bonding Committee. He was an active participant in class and would always push his limits. Despite his commitments, Yi Da has was an active participant in various school’s Values in Action (VIA) projects. Yi Da’s positive influence and acts of service have made him a good student, senior and friend.

**AKSHAY AJIT KAMATH \[4E2\]**

**Akshay scored an L1R5 of 13 points and four distinctions.**

His teachers and peers described him as a self-directed student who took ownership of his own learning and who made sound decisions. He took his work seriously and was able to handle concurrent assignments and competing priorities. He was also a cheerful and caring young man who showed empathy for the people around him, evident in his willingness go the extra mile.

His resilience and determination were remarkable. He had faced the challenge of managing a more challenging course three years ago when he accepted the offer for lateral transfer from Sec 1N to Sec 2E. Akshay worked hard and managed the rigour of new syllabuses. He had even failed Additional Mathematics in Sec 3 but with the consistent effort he continued to put in to improve, he scored an impressive A1 in the O Levels.

Akshay also did well in his CCA and showed promising leadership. As an active member of the Swiss Falcon Scouts, he made significant contributions to the unit as a leader. As the Senior Patrol Leader, he showed outstanding qualities, earning the respect from his juniors and peers. He maintained the troop’s honour by achieving the Frank Cooper Sands Gold Award in 2018. This was the unit’s twelfth consecutive Gold Award. He also led the Swiss Falcon Scouts unit in many Values In Action (VIA) programmes, taking the initiative to plan and execute new activities for his juniors. He was also resourceful in sharing external activities that the troop could participate in, to widen their exposure. As a reflective thinker, he evaluated his own learning as well as the members’ after participating in the programmes to ensure that activities were meaningful.

Akshay had strong compassion for the community in need and supported various social causes. Through the various VIA activities, he was able the exemplify values such as compassion, empathy and thoughtfulness while gaining valuable knowledge and experiences. Akshay’s caring ways endeared him to his peers and teachers. His resourcefulness and reflectiveness are valuable assets that will continue to serve him well in the future.

**YU CHEN SI \[4E2\]**

**Chen Si scored an L1R5 of 9 points with an impressive number of nine distinctions.**

She was an exemplary leader who juggled her multiple responsibilities extremely well A confident and vocal individual, Chen Si did not shy away from speaking her mind and giving her opinions in class. She had a knack for being vocal and diplomatic. She also took the time to listen to multiple perspectives before making any decision. She enjoyed the company of her friends and worked well with her peers. Her leadership qualities were affirmed in her many appointments in several committees, the most notable being her position as the Vice-President of the school’s Student Council. On top co-leading the Student Council, she was also the Floorball (Girls) Vice-Captain and member of the House Executive Committee. She showed fortitude when coaching her juniors and was receptive towards feedback by her peers. For her immense contributions in various areas, she was awarded the pinnacle award in Co-Curricular Activity (CCA), the Ministry of Education Edusave Award for Achievement, Good Leadership and Service (EAGLES) in 2019.

Despite her heavy commitments and responsibilities in many areas, she manages her time excellently. Her determination in life and intensity in her passion for the things that she believes in had been an utmost inspiration to her peers. Her leadership qualities garnered respect from the people who have crossed paths with her. The opportunities that Chen Si had in Swiss Cottage has definitely nurtured her in many aspects and her desire to excel has allowed her to develop into a well-rounded Thoughtful Leader. She was a diligent student who took pride in her work. She turned in quality work and stayed on top of the academic demands. As a caring and helpful individual, she also clinched the ECHA award.

**ETHAN LEE ZHI YUAN \[4E3\]**

**Ethan scored an L1R5 of 6 points with seven distinctions.**

A student with good interpersonal skills and a positive attitude, he was always able to enjoy a good balance between academic rigor and CCA demands. Over time, Ethan developed a remarkable improvement in learning attitude. He showed a keen desire to learn and was receptive to new ideas. He took initiative and responded promptly to changes and opportunities. His positive attitude towards difficult challenges enabled him to use stress constructively for better performance. Coupled with good interpersonal skills, he was also often willing to share his knowledge and resources with his peers.

Ethan was a passionate member of the football team. He demonstrated a strong sense of commitment and enthusiasm in competitions like the West Zone Inter-School Soccer Competition in 2016 and in the SSSC National School Games League 5 Championship in 2019. He especially displayed strong leadership as Captain, and was very good at planning and coordinating events. When managing a team, he would set high expectations and ensured that the junior leaders under his charge were on task to guide their peers well. He also led by example; he practiced consistently to become a better midfielder for his team so that they could stand a good chance progressing to the second round of the West Zone Inter-School Tournament in 2018. That same dedication and perseverance finally won him and his team the Champion’s cup at the 2019 SSSC National School Games League 5 Championship. His peers looked up to him for his adaptability to changing conditions and calm during stressful situations in competitions. Besides being passionate on the field, Ethan also displayed his willingness to serve by taking part in Values in Action (VIA) programmes organised by the football club. With his sheer determination and zeal to excel, he has excelled in training, leading and motivating team members. For his contributions, he received the Ministry of Education Edsuave Award for Achievement, Good Leadership and Service (Leadership) in 2019.

Ethan was also a member of the 11th Sports Council that consisted of CCA leaders from every Sports CCA from April 2018 to April 2019. He was instrumental as a member, who worked alongside his fellow council members to plan, organize and execute key Sports CCA events in school, such as the 2019 Combined Sports Camp,  the CCA Experience Day, the DSA selection trials for sports CCAs, Swiss Olympics 2019 and Past Versus Present (PVP) Games 2019.

**TAN WOON KIN \[4E4\]**

**Woon Kin scored an L1R5 of 8 points with six distinctions.**

He was academically gifted, especially in Mathematics. Notably, he achieved Honourable Mention in the Singapore Mathematical Olympiad in 2017 and was awarded a Certificate of Distinction in the University of New South Wales International Competitions and Assessments for Schools (Mathematics) in 2018.

Woon Kin received the Ministry of Education Edusave Character Award (ECHA) in 2018 in recognition of his exemplary character and outstanding personal qualities. As an all-round student, he demonstrated respectfulness to teachers and peers; he also showed traits of initiative and self-directedness. He was motivated, and also took on the initiative to coach classmates, and was a role model to his peers. He is well regarded by his peers for his patient and helpful nature for he never hesitated to share his resources and knowledge with his friends.

He was also the Vice-captain of the school Basketball team, and exhibited excellent leadership in his CCA. Even as a Secondary One player, he had represented the school in the West Zone Inter-School Basketball C Division Championship and helped the team achieve second team placing. In the same year, he represented the school in the Active SG-Basketball Development League competition and helped the team attain first placing in the competition. Woon Kin displayed admirable determination in both trainings and competitions. In 2017, Woon Kin represented the school in the T-Net Club U-14 Boys & Girls Basketball Tournament and the team obtained second placing. Furthermore, he participated in the T-Net Club Level 2 U16 Boys Basketball Tournament and the team won fourth team placing. He also represented West Zone Inter-School Basketball C Division Championships in the same year. Woon Kin was a natural leader who rallied his teammates to a common cause. For his significant contribution to his CCA, Woon Kin was awarded the school Certificate of Distinction in 2019.

On top of his leadership in Basketball, Woon Kin was a member of the 11th Sports Council from April 2018 to April 2019, which consisted of CCA leaders from every Sports CCA. He was an instrumental member who worked alongside his fellow council members to plan and execute key Sports CCA events in school. They included the 2018 Combined Sports Camp, the Swiss mental Training in Achieving Resilience in Sports (STARS) Programme, CCA Experience Day 2019, as well as the Direct School Admission selection trials for Sports CCAs, Swiss Olympics 2019 and Past Versus Present 2019.

**NG WEI XIANG \[4E4\]**

**Wei Xiang scored an L1R5 of 7 points and five distinctions.**

As a learner, he was also always on task and would turn in quality work. With a strong sense of integrity and purpose, he was a role model for his peers in class.  A keen and conscientious learner, Wei Xiang constantly challenged himself. He participated in various competitions such as the Singapore Mathematics Olympiad in 2016, University of New South Wales International Competitions and Assessments for Schools (Mathematics) in 2016 and Singapore Physics Olympiad in 2019.

A cheerful and well-mannered student, Wei Xiang was a valued member of his class. He would often make the effort to understand the points of view of others and helped his peers when the need arose. With a strong belief in teamwork, coupled with a calm composure and resolve to accomplish projects, he earned the trust and respect of his peers. He is an outstanding student with his mature and logical outlook as well as his constant drive for excellence. Displaying a commitment to serve the community, Wei Xiang also participated in various Values in Action (VIA) activities.

He was the Chairperson of Choir, and led his CCA mates in major competitions. Respectful and self-disciplined, he rose up to challenges and always displayed a positive attitude when dealing with all his tasks. As the chairperson, Wei Xiang was the overall in-charge for discipline and operational duties, such as over seeing his committees’ roles to planning for various events. A compassionate leader, he was highly regarded by his juniors and peers as he exhibited humility and leadership in his dealings with them. Wei Xiang’s ability to gently encourage and rally the choir members played a significant role in enabling the Swiss Choir to clinch many accolades. They included the Certificate of Distinction and Certificate of Accomplishment at the Singapore Youth Festival Central Arts Presentations for Choirs in 2017 and 2019 respectively, and the Diamond Award for Best Show Choir at the Be-Dazzled competition in 2017 and 2018. In recognition of his contribution to his CCA, Wei Xiang was awarded the school Certificate of Distinction and the Ministry of Education Edusave Award for Achievement, Good Leadership and Service (EAGLES) Award in 2019.

**ISABELLE HAKIM \[4E5\]**

**Isabelle scored an L1R5 of 9 points and eight distinctions.**

As a learner, Isabelle showed a strong desire to excel. She took on new challenges, and strived to maintain a high standard in her work. Her willingness to learn, and her capacity for creative and critical thinking, made her the natural choice to represent the school in the Destination Imagination Competition 2018. With her contribution, her team emerged Champion in the Scientific Challenge during the regional round, and they went on to compete in the global round held at the University of Tennessee, United States of America. Though she was excellent in her work, she was never arrogant; she kept herself grounded with a reflective attitude.

Isabelle was a dedicated member of the Girl Guides from 2016 to 2019. In 2017, she rose to the rank of Patrol Second to lead and guide her peers. An effective communicator, Isabelle was able to put forth her ideas clearly, effectively and concisely which made following her lead a breeze, and developed a strong sense of trust in her by her peers. She was appointed Company Leader in 2018 in recognition of leadership qualities and dedication. As the Company Leader, she oversaw and facilitated all major guiding events, such as the World Thinking Day, the West Division Day, Open House, Secondary One Recruitment and the annual Girl Guides Camp. Her leadership skills were further honed when she represented the company in the 15th National Camp in 2018. Under her leadership, the Company attained the prestigious Puan Noor Aishah Gold Award in 2018 thereafter, the highest award presented to high performing companies by the Girl Guides Association. In her final year of guiding, she was awarded the prestigious Baden Powell Award, the highest award given by the Chief Commissioner. For her contributions in Girl Guides, Isabelle was presented with the Edusave Award for Achievement, Good Leadership and Service (EAGLES) for Leadership in 2019.

Keen to stretch her potential through varied opportunities, she took up the offer to be in the Swiss Talent Development Programme, and achieved 1st Place in the Scientific Challenge for the Middle Division in the Destination Imagination Regional Round. She represented the school to participate in the global round of the competition held at the University of Tennessee, United States of America. Overall, she was an exemplary leader who juggled her multiple responsibilities well.

**LIM FANG YU \[4E5\]**

**Fang Yu scored an L1R5 of 8 points and eight distinctions.**

Fang Yu was a caring and mature student who was a role model to her peers. She showed the initiative and the drive to get work done promptly and efficiently. She was empathetic and caring, and did not hesitate to help others who were in need. The positive learning attitude gave her the ability to reflect and improve consistently. For her excellent demonstration of care and character, she received the Edusave Character Award (ECHA) in 2018.

Fang Yu was an active Co-Curricular Activity (CCA) member of the St John Ambulance Brigade (SJAB). She was later promoted to the highest rank of Senior Staff Sergeant and was one of the Co-Curricular Activity (CCA) Leaders. She had a keen eye for detail and was strategic, guided by reason and logic. She looked into the concerns and queries by her peers and acted on them. In 2018, Fang Yu was one of the leaders who led the corps to achieve the prestigious Gold standing for the Corps Achievement Award, the highest honour presented to high performing corps by the St. John Brigade Headquarters. At the Annual Zone First Aid Competition from 2017 to 2019, the team emerged Champions in 2018 and 2019. She was the leader in 2019. She was also selected for the National First Aid Competition and did well in the overall national ranking.

She led by example during training. She could motivate and encourage her team. For her skills and collaborative spirit, she received the Chief Commissioner Badge, the pinnacle recognition given in SJAB for her outstanding performance. She was responsible when discharging her duties, even during less demanding tasks like flag raising and morning command duties. She would carry out each task with pride.

As a member of the 11th Uniformed Group Council (UGC) from 2018 to 2019, Fang Yu worked with CCA leaders of the other Uniformed Groups to plan and facilitate several key school events and activities like the National Day Parade (NDP) in 2018, and the 2019 Total Defence Commemoration ceremony. Fang Yu also volunteered her service, showing a strong sense of civic-mindedness. In view of her accomplishments and contributions, Fang Yu received the Ministry of Education Edusave Award for Achievement, Good Leadership and Service (EAGLES) for Leadership in 2019.

**SARAH QISTINA BTE MAZALAN \[4E4\]**

**Sarah scored an L1B4 of 16 points and two distinctions.**

Sarah was a determined individual in her pursuit of academic excellence. Sarah showed great improvement in her academic results despite facing some difficult situations. She adopted a positive attitude, believed in herself and worked towards achieving the goals she set for herself. Sarah was considerate and made the effort to understand the points of view of others. For these qualities, Sarah was appointed the Class Vice-Chairperson in 2016.

From a dedicated clarinettist of the Singapore National Cadet Corps (NCC) Command Band, Swiss Winds, she rose to the rank of Staff Sergeant and the positions of Ceremonial Drum Major and Cadet Bandmaster of the band. As Cadet Bandmaster, Sarah oversaw the training of the Secondary One juniors when they enter the Band. She also often conducted the Command Band on different parades and military functions. This pivotal and challenging role often required her to liaise with senior NCC/SAF officers. Composed and confident, she adapted to dynamic situations and made appropriate decisions under pressure. Under her outstanding leadership, Sarah contributed to the band’s outstanding performance at various school, national and public performances. These included clinching a Certificate of Distinction at the Singapore Youth Festival Central Arts Presentations for Concerts Bands in 2017 and 2019, performing in the school’s combined Performing Arts concert the Swiss Arts Expression in 2018, as well as the Lion Club of Singapore Nanyang 15th Anniversary cum Charity Dinner in 2018. She also brought honour to the school by leading the band in the many parades. They include the Cadet Officer Course Graduation Parades (2016 to 2018) and National Cadet Corps Teacher Officer Course Graduation Parade Ceremony (2018) held at NCC Headquarters, the Singapore Civil Defence Force Annual Parade (2016 and 2018), and World War II Commemoration at Civilian War Memorial (2017 to 2019). Last but not least, she also played a pivotal part in the Singapore National Day Parade in 2017 and 2018. In recognition of her contributions to her CCA, Sarah was awarded the school Certificate of Distinction and the Ministry of Education Edusave Award for Achievement, Good Leadership and Service (EAGLES) Award in 2019.

Sarah was an active member of the Student Council and showed a high level of commitment to her duties. She served as a member of the Bonding Committee from 2016 to 2019. As a member of the Bonding Committee, Sarah assisted her Committee Head in the planning of bonding activities such as the Secondary One Orientation programmes from 2017 to 2019. In addition, she was also involved in the Diff-ability and various VIA programmes, where she exemplified values such as care and empathy for the less fortunate.